---
layout: '../../layouts/markdown/emptypost.astro'
title: Music 
upDate: 22.05.2024
writeDate: 19.05.2024
desc: Just me yapping about music
---
## Hii,
So this is just my opinion and everything, and it might change, but here are who I think are the best bands and artists and why!

* BoyWithUke
    - I'm just really fond of his music. I've been listening to him since early lockdown, and I remember not even three weeks after starting, he dropped a new album, and it was when I realized how much I loved his music.
    - His concert is also one of my favorite experiences ever. I got to meet Nathan Apollo after it too, and OMG it was the best thing ever.
    - I also vividly remember staying up to see every single piece of news on Lucid Dreams, and his face reveal had me really fangirling.
* Nathan Apollo
    - Earlier in 2024, I was having a really, really hard time, and my favorite game at that time was Overwatch, so that might be a reason, but I think finding his Tales from Cazilor album really helped me out.
    - I honestly just love his positive vibe and take on everything, and if I'd like to be like anyone, it would be him.
    - I do think his recent music has been kind of repetitive though...
* Rare Americans
    - When I got really badly bullied in 2023, I listened to their songs to help me through it.
    - And when I went to their concert, I got my mum to spend £60 on a hoodie for me... but it has to be one of my favorite experiences ever. I even got them to sign a note on my DS, which I still have!
* Adventure Time / Steven Universe
    - These songs come from my childhood, and I really don't think I can thank Rebecca Sugar enough for all the memories they've brought.
    - For the last three years, I've been imagining the moment I can leave my high school listening to "Happily Ever After" from Steven Universe Future and never look back...
* Good Kid
    - I worry about death a lot, and whenever I get lost too deep, I listen to some Good Kid. They always seem to ground me (get it?) and no matter what happens, whether there is anything after or not, it's a long while until then.
    - I just think their songs remind me a lot of how I spent my younger years not knowing who I was or what I wanted to do, and tbh I still don't.
* Cavetown
    - Being honest, who doesn't like Cavetown? He's so good, and I just love coding for a little bit and listening to something like "Devil Town". Then again, "Devil Town" is really good on a walk in the dark or just a long and dark car ride. It's just always good!
* Lemon Demon
    - I see a lot of myself in Neil, weirdly enough. He's also the only other person I've seen who likes Goosebumps, so he's just automatically amazing.
    - Also, his music in the 2020 lockdown was just a vibe, idk what to tell you.
* CG5
    - I know a weird one for me, but his songs always bring me back to a time in lockdown when everything just felt nice and simple. To be honest, anything I listened to in lockdown I think is somewhere in my heart, even Dream.
* The Living Tombstone
    - I grew up on their songs, of course, I love them!
* Penelope Scott
    - She's just perfect to listen to whenever I get sad really, can you blame me?

## That might be my favorite artists and bands, but we can't forget about...
* TV show openings and soundtracks
    - Chainsaw Man
    - Hazbin Hotel
        - I'm not too sure I like this one anymore, but I remember really enjoying it.
    - JoJo's Bizarre Adventure
    - 12-Forever
    - Pokémon
    - Scott Pilgrim
    - Goosebumps (yes I know it only has an opening)
    - Milo Murphy's Law

## We also can't forget...
* Game soundtracks
    - Celeste
    - Undertale
    - Scott Pilgrim (IT'S A GAME TOO!)
    - Terraria
    - Minecraft
    - OneShot
    - Almost every indie title haha

### But that's just an opinion, my opinion. Thanks for reading!
(There are also so many great songs, games, shows, and artists I forgot to mention, but I assure you everyone is amazing.)